Hello dear friends with if you do not
feast and today i do a review on not
such a cheat script on the
Actually I just don’t know
haul helping to play shoot and in
what is its essence in general it allows you us
speed up the firing of the weapon
there is here earlier we had what we take
deagle
start shooting and he shoots pretty
slowly, that is, here it is again affected
on this one if you have a kill or not there too
the speed is slower well and in general he
shoots rather slowly ie we
we shoot it two times rather slowly in
today's general clearsky will allow you
fix this problem and but he will
stand much much faster here
now we make our way find super
security zone of an abandoned airport and
actually check this lego stepnov
yak but the problem is that i want some
get here pretty weird so
can shorter there get on it knows
type too simple oh we will not
spend time and so i
broke into the zone and now find the types
let's turn on right now let's be without i'm
a package so and then if they start
I'll merge on I will cut him off quickly
rush and where everything
didn't understand here so there were three people
I here answer you there were three
bloody man you must have seen
such on record this for a second project
flashed let's go we go in
inside
oh guys still gonna start right now
shooting
what kind of scientist here about Sarah how fast
shoots just rush wild rush dangerous
Valim here so go for Che
immortal I don't understand they will
generally go out today or not lol
oh fuck you
umm fuck guys guys huge cheater
cheater dangerous cheater 1 should merge all
calls time service to
the weapon is over we cut down gm in general
friends as you see dumplings sewn
he kills the boys him fast enough
that is, generally Fastov come on cleanly
blitz ales looks bastard bastard
even without makeup they play that for me and my own
I shoot air with no makeup
watched guys these are curves well i don't know i
just get a bank I don't want it
so happy nothing of it
will change in general that's very clear friends
have you seen a deagle shoot in this one
the case that is, he scoops up pretty
fast with what the trick is that this
here's a quick shooting you will have
exclusively deagle that is you see it
plowing
hard fast and pretty low
what do you get to drain anyone
as soon as possible
the problem is that I don't know where
I am that some kind of crap very tank
again this advances to this norm well
probably because of the advice of something in
General guys link I will leave in the description
come download well and actually
still worth noting that the cells are so
that is, if you are
follow admins they are no you
violations do not calculate because just
how would you like so fast well how would
the shooting is actually not visible that she
so quickly produced can just
be la clipping lag okay not camp
most likely to think so
so every dragging this species is simply not there
thank you all bye